##Submissions:

    Provide a screenshot of the running UCB AMI that shows you have successfully launched an EC2 instance using the UCB AMI.
    
    Provide the answers to the following questions in a file called Lab1-answers.txt

    Q1: What is the difference between EBS and S3?
    
    Amazon S3 and Amazon EBS are different types of storage.
    
    Amazon S3 is an object storage for data that deals with flat file structure, while Amazon EBS is a block level storage.
    
    Amazon S3 stores data as objects in a flat environment (without a hierarchy).
    Each object (file) in the storage contains a header with associated sequence of bytes from 0 byte to 5 TB.
    Objects in Amazon S3 are associated with a unique identifier (key), so access to them can be obtained through web requests from anywhere.
    
    As compared to Amazon EBS, the process of requesting an object in Amazon S3 is slower, but Amazon S3 is a highly scalable storage service with 99,999999999% data durability.
    It means that there are very little chances to lose data or reach maximum storage capacity.
    Thus, it’s better to use it to store and deliver objects that don’t require a lot of read/write operations, for example, backups
    
    Amazon EBS stores data as blocks of the same size and organizes them through the hierarchy similar to a traditional file system. 
    EBS is not a standalone storage service like Amazon S3 so it can be used only in combination with Amazon EC2.
   
    Q2: When would you consider a cloud infrastructure for your data science tasks?

    Q3: What is the difference between spot instances and reserved instances?
    
    Reserved instances allow the user to use the compute by hour without requiring long term commitment. 
    Spot instances are a bid_for_low_price version of reserved instances, but could be shut down by AWS anytime the Spot instance price 
    goes higher than bid price. 
    Spot price fluctuates based on the supply and demand of the capacity. 
    It's essentially the leftover capacity of AWS to be used. 

    Q4: List the names of four software packages installed on the UCB AMI
